ReadMe.md, before:

## CodeToGui is now open source
This repository aims to create a faster way to generate gui from code without making any additionaly changes in the code-flow.
Currently Supported Language: C++
Currently Supported Platform: Windows

## Warning: Crude unformatted development readme

EndGame 1: (Done)
Steps:
1. Add a file named Code2GuiWxSource.cpp in the directory which contains main entry point file.
2. Put block of code which needs to executed as a button call between "{////" and "}////" symbols.
3. Add a file named Code2GuiInfo.txt.
4. Right click Code2GuiInfo.txt and go to "Properties".
5. Under Configuration Properties -> General change "Item Type" to "Custom Build Tool".
6. Click on "Apply".
7. Now Under Configuration Properties -> Custom Build Tool.
8. *Adding wxwidgets dependencies.

*- Most crucial as there many ways to do it depending upon the platform so
	which way will work for most of the people.


EndGame 2: (Done)
Steps:
1. Find how to run Custom Build Tool without generating output
2. Make an executable for setting up ui in any visual studio project
3. Prompt user to close all instances of visual studio
4. Ask user to enter:
	- .vcxproj location
	- location of cpp file which contains main
	- Test window title
	- Ask user which configuratio and platforms should widgets support
5. Create two files in the directory where main.cpp is present
	- First file will contain boiler plate wxWidget code: C2GWxWidgets.cpp
	- Second file will contain Custom Build Tool instructions and paths to files entered by user during setup
6. Store the information entered by user in a text file named C2GMetadata.txt
7. Edit .vcxproj file and add following contents:
	- Add another import of wxwidgets.prop property sheet under <ImportGroup Label="PropertySheets" Condition="'$(Configuration)|$(Platform)'
	  given label.
	- Add new ItemGroup(direcly under Project tag) to include C2GMetadata.txt in the project and include a CustomBuildTool instruction with it
		<ItemGroup>
    		<CustomBuild Include="C2GMetadata.txt">
	- Add new ItemGroup to include C2GWxWidgets.cpp file under ItemGroup Tag which contains rest of cpp files		
		<ItemGroup>
			<ClCompile Include="Code2GuiWxSource.cpp" />

Commit message:

Add useful info to the readme

ReadMe.md, after:

## CodeToGui is now open source
This repository aims to create a faster way to generate gui from code without making any additionaly changes in the code-flow.
Currently Supported Language: C++
Currently Supported Platform: Windows

# What's Code to Gui
This desktop application is built to tackle the hassle of adding Gui to a project. Precisely, it can be used in times when a very basic Gui is required and wasting time in setup+integration of main-stream Gui Api is not feasible.
Visit https://codetogui.com for more info. Youtube demo to blow your mind https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9ruofVpXMY.

## Who should use it?

### Developers
They can use it in their pet-projects or even production ones to showcase basic functionality to clients using the Gui and later switch back to the console based project, without changing the code flow.

### Students
University presentations can be made much more effective using quick and easy setup of Gui with CodeToGui.

## Current support
Latest version supports Microsoft Visual Studio Ide and C++ language.

## Installation
Kindly visit the website to check installation instructions.

# Warning: Crude unformatted development readme

EndGame 1: (Done)
Steps:
1. Add a file named Code2GuiWxSource.cpp in the directory which contains main entry point file.
2. Put block of code which needs to executed as a button call between "{////" and "}////" symbols.
3. Add a file named Code2GuiInfo.txt.
4. Right click Code2GuiInfo.txt and go to "Properties".
5. Under Configuration Properties -> General change "Item Type" to "Custom Build Tool".
6. Click on "Apply".
7. Now Under Configuration Properties -> Custom Build Tool.
8. *Adding wxwidgets dependencies.

*- Most crucial as there many ways to do it depending upon the platform so
	which way will work for most of the people.


EndGame 2: (Done)
Steps:
1. Find how to run Custom Build Tool without generating output
2. Make an executable for setting up ui in any visual studio project
3. Prompt user to close all instances of visual studio
4. Ask user to enter:
	- .vcxproj location
	- location of cpp file which contains main
	- Test window title
	- Ask user which configuratio and platforms should widgets support
5. Create two files in the directory where main.cpp is present
	- First file will contain boiler plate wxWidget code: C2GWxWidgets.cpp
	- Second file will contain Custom Build Tool instructions and paths to files entered by user during setup
6. Store the information entered by user in a text file named C2GMetadata.txt
7. Edit .vcxproj file and add following contents:
	- Add another import of wxwidgets.prop property sheet under <ImportGroup Label="PropertySheets" Condition="'$(Configuration)|$(Platform)'
	  given label.
	- Add new ItemGroup(direcly under Project tag) to include C2GMetadata.txt in the project and include a CustomBuildTool instruction with it
		<ItemGroup>
    		<CustomBuild Include="C2GMetadata.txt">
	- Add new ItemGroup to include C2GWxWidgets.cpp file under ItemGroup Tag which contains rest of cpp files		
		<ItemGroup>
			<ClCompile Include="Code2GuiWxSource.cpp" />
